[Autogenerated] security in step functions is similar
to any other service in the Amazon.
Web service is eco system step functions uses identity
and access management control to access other service's
and resource is that it needs, for example,
drinker London function or other linked service is that we might
be using in our work clothes when we breathe.
A new workflow based on the service, is that we use on this workflow.
If we decide to create a neural,
it will look at our service is that we use and create appropriate permissions.
Let's look at one off our report generation work floors.
Let's edit it on saving by creating a new role on the permission section.
Less troops crave a neuro and go ahead and save you once the workflow is safe.
Now,
this navigate to the role that was created for us on
the permission sections for a role,
we can see that we have only one policy attached to this role,
which is a custom policy created by AWS for us.
If we never get to the policy and open, it's Jason file,
we can see that it only has access to invoke the least off London functions.
These are only the London functions that were used to out our work,
so we can also do the same ourselves by going in and creating a new policy.
And then you said policy for the roles used in the AWS step functions.
When we use activities with our workflow, they are a little different.
Since they run on a different machine,
they need to be authenticated using secret keys.
So our pontificate and activity,
we should create the newly dedicated user for that activity.
Or we can share the user throughout multiple activities.
Let's not forget to the user section and creating you want.
Let's name this user activity user on access time.
We're going to choose programmatic access because we are
going to need an access key I D and a secret.
And also this user will not be accessing the AWS console.
Now let's move to the next step here.
We're going to choose, but that's existing policy directly.
Once we kick that create policy,
brother shows up and we can create a new policy less
true step functions for our service.
Next,
we need to select the access levels for this user on activity
is going to need to least available tasks,
sending heartbeat, san task, success and failures.
Next, we need to choose.
The resource is this policy has access to.
To make things simple.
We're going to create a user that has access toe all activities on dhe on Lee
to the following permissions that we selected previously.
Best truth, older resources and move to the next step.
Let's name it activity execute on Lee and create a new policy.
Once the policy has been created,
let's not get back to our users and attach it once
that that's the policy to the user.
Let's move to the next step.
We won't be setting any tax for this user.
And finally, let's create the user.
Once we greet the user, we get access T I.
D.
On the secret access key.
Let's download them so we can use them later.
These credentials that we just breathe it can be used with AWS sdk.
Step functions get activity tasks or san task success failure or heartbeats.
Step functions also support tax based policies like many other service is,
For example,
we could use tax to define permissions for things like development
and production environment this policy will deny the ability to
delete state machines or activities.
Start and stop executions,
add or delete new tax for all resources that have been
tagged with the environment production.
As we can see using attack based policy,
we can achieve almost any scenario that we need to cover for permission schema.
Another problem, when it comes to security, is sensitive information.
For example,
if credentials or sensitive information is needed to be passed as a perimeter,
that bomb either will be available on the logs and
also visible on the steppe designer,
where we could see each step and its input and output.
For example, in our report generation workflow,
we can clearly see the client email and if there
were other sensitive information, we would be able to see those as well,
and anyone who has access to this workflow designer would be able to see those.
As of this moment,
Step functions does not offer any whales and creeping or hiding para
meters from the Visualize er and the execution history tow.
Avoid these.
We can use a different data store for parameters, for example.
We could use an increased the database or we can choose an increase.
That s Reebok.
It just for this purpose where as a pi a meter would be the file
pointing to the payload and the underlying function would know what to
do with it and read it so we can make sure that only people who are
allowed to confuse sensitive information and not mistaken we make them
available in the locks.
That is all for managing security.
For in ws step functions.
We have a variety of options for handling accessed
from and towards the function.
They support all different security options.
Other AWS service's support it security case is different from here.
You can try to pass par meters between your steps using an encrypted extra
pocket or a database and give access to your different were close to different users to get more familiar with security.